First, let's start with the basics. A web server is a piece of software that listens for incoming HTTP requests from clients (such as web browsers) and serves up web pages in response. When a web 
server receives an HTTP request, it looks for the requested resource on the file system or generates it dynamically using a web application.

A web application is a software program that generates dynamic content in response to HTTP requests. Web applications can be written in a variety of programming languages, and they typically use a web 
framework to handle common tasks such as handling HTTP requests and generating HTML output. The web application generates the content of the web page based on user input, data from a database, or other
 dynamic factors.

Finally, a database server is a program that manages and stores data in a structured way so that it can be easily retrieved and updated. Web applications often use a database to store information 
such as user account data, product information, or other data that needs to be persisted between requests. The web application can retrieve data from the database and use it to generate dynamic content 
for the web page.

Now, let's look at how these three components are interconnected in a typical web server setup.

When a client (such as a web browser) requests a web page, the request is sent to the web server. The web server determines which web application should handle the request and passes the request to 
the web application. The web application processes the request and generates the HTML content for the web page.

If the web application needs to retrieve data from a database, it sends a request to the database server. The database server retrieves the requested data and sends it back to the web application. The
 web application can then use the data to generate dynamic content for the web page.

Once the web application has generated the HTML content for the web page, it sends the content back to the web server. The web server then sends the HTML content back to the client that made the 
request. The client's web browser then renders the HTML content and displays the web page to the user.

In summary, the web server, web application, and database server work together to generate and serve up web pages to clients on the internet. The web server receives HTTP requests from clients, passes 
them to the web application, which generates dynamic content for the web page and may use a database server to retrieve data, and then the web server sends the generated HTML content back to the client.



To ensure that the database is available before starting the web application, the administrator can add a dependency on the database server to the HTTP server .service file. Here's how to do it:

Open the HTTP server .service file for editing. This file is typically located in the /etc/systemd/system directory and has a name that ends with ".service". For example, the Apache HTTP server 
service file on Ubuntu is named apache2.service.

Add a dependency on the database server to the "After" directive in the [Unit] section of the .service file. For example, if the database server service file is named postgresql.service, you would 
add the following line to the HTTP server .service file:

After=postgresql.service

This line tells systemd that the HTTP server service should start after the postgresql service has started.

Save the changes to the .service file and exit the text editor.

Reload the systemd daemon to pick up the changes to the .service file:

systemctl daemon-reload

After making these changes, the HTTP server service should not start until the database server service has started. This ensures that the database is available before the web application starts and 
tries to access it.